Untrusted devices will not delete data (#894)
syncthing/docs: users/untrusted.rst

        T2 -> U1 [label="Encrypted by T2"]
    }

In the above scenarios, if the untrusted device U1 deletes a local copy of a
file, this is not replicated directly to trusted hosts. Untrusted hosts might

> receive the notice, however.

Reviewer: I mean, they won't, because Syncthing won't send it. This whole thing is a hypothetical on a potential Evil Syncthing that does the wrong thing but speaks the same protocol. 🤷

Reviewer 2: I understand better now. Just the sentence is a good add.

> In the above scenarios, if the untrusted device U1 deletes a local copy of a
> file, this is not replicated into any of the others hosts. An untrusted host
> cannot remotely trigger a deletion of data present in other hosts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above scenarios, if the untrusted device U1 deletes a local copy of a
file, this is not replicated directly to trusted hosts. Untrusted hosts might
receive the notice, however.
```
